Push The Button

The world is full of terror
If someone makes an error
He's gonna blow us up
To biddy biddy kingdom come

There are some crazy rulers
They hide and try to fool us
With demonic, technologic
Willingness to harm

They're gonna push the button, push the button
Push the bu… push the bu… push the button
Push the button, push the button
Push the bu… push the bu… push the button

There's a lot of suffering
In the streets there's too much violence
And we are very lucky
To be alive, even unscathed

Tactical advancement of a fanatical regime
A tragic situation
That brings tears to my eyes

And I don't wanna die
I wanna see the flowers bloom
Don't wanna go kaput kaboom
And I don't wanna cry
I wanna have a lot of fun just sitting in the sun
But nevertheless

He's gonna push the button, push the button
Push the bu… push the bu… push the button
Push the button, push the button
Push the bu… push the bu… push the button

Messages are exploding on me
Missiles are flying are also landing on me
Cops and robbers are running all over me
And they're jumping me, getting on my case

Alas, alas, answer me, my God, hi
This nightmare is too long
When I'm barely alive and everyone is aiming at me
Maybe it's too early to sing that I gave her my life

Police, rescue team
It made it to the Kdam, a song with no peace
Red is not just a colour, it's more like blood
Again I'm stopping the breathing in my heart
So I won't drop dead
First it's a war, now it's resuscitation

Boom boom, that's what is happening now
In between a rocket and a machete, a viewer and a reporter
Underhanded opportunism and a kidnapee, rain and a heatwave
An escalation in the levels is setting up camp

Nothing, nothing, that's what everyone is doing
Hardliners become more extreme and officers more serious
The naive become more moderate, waiting for the data
And reply (that everyone is helpless)

A world full of demons
Where we are nothing but pawns
And champions with gambling chips
Decide the outcome

Sluggish management
A ship filled with water
And everyone is raising a toast
And drowning side by side

Maybe it's too sharp
We should sing songs of palm tree
Desert songs with no flags
I'm still alive, alive, alive
And if it keeps on being scary, only then will I say:

I'm gonnа push the button, push the button
Push the bu… push the bu… push the button
Push the button, push the button
Push the bu… push the bu… puѕh the button